+++
date = '2024-12-02T17:20:11+08:00'
draft = false
title = 'General Info- Deleting Docker Container'
categories = ['virtual machine']
tags = ['wsl', 'procedure', 'docker']
weight = 6
[params]
  author = 'senkublog'
+++

Yes, you can safely delete the hello-world Docker image after pulling and testing it. It’s a very lightweight image, so removing it won’t free up much space, but here’s how you can do it and details about its size:

File Size of hello-world Image

	•	The official hello-world Docker image is tiny, with a size of around 13.3 kB.

Steps to Delete the hello-world Image

	1.	List Docker Images:
To find the hello-world image:

docker images

Output will look something like this:

REPOSITORY      TAG       IMAGE ID       CREATED         SIZE
hello-world     latest    d1165f221234   6 months ago    13.3kB


	2.	Remove the hello-world Image:
Use the docker rmi command:

docker rmi hello-world

This removes the image from your local system.

Check for Associated Containers

If you’ve previously run docker run hello-world, a stopped container may still exist. You can remove it as well:
	1.	List All Containers (Including Stopped):

docker ps -a

Look for any containers associated with hello-world.

	2.	Remove the Container:

docker rm <container_id>

Replace <container_id> with the actual ID or name of the container.

Confirm Deletion

To confirm that the image and container are gone:
	•	Check images:

docker images


	•	Check containers:

docker ps -a



Both should no longer list hello-world.

Let me know if you need help with anything else related to Docker! 😊